[1.15.0] Automating an install (#180)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/kotsadm/installing/automating.md

---
date: 2020-04-27
linktitle: "Automating An Install"
title: Automating An Install
weight: 10035
draft: false
---

Starting with KOTS 1.15.0, it's possible to automate a KOTS installation to an existing cluster (non-airgap) by providing a license file and the application configuration values when running `kots install`. When these values are provided, they are written as ConfigMaps to the cluster, and the Admin Console will find these and process them to complete the installation.

### License File

Given a license file stored locally as `license.yaml`, running:

```shell
kubectl kots install app-name \
  --license-file ./license.yaml \
  --shared-password <some value> \
  --namespace app-name
```

Will install the Admin Console to the `app-name` namespace, and when starting, the Admin Console will automatically install the license file provided.

### Config Values

> Many applications need configuration. It's possible to also supply the config values at installation time using the `--config-values` flag. To do this, create a local YAML file that contains all of the config values. The easist way to get the format of this file is to use `kubectl kots download --decrypt-password-values`. When KOTS downloads the application from the cluster using this command, a file will be written to `upstream/userdata/config.yaml`. This file will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many applications need configuration. It's possible to also supply the config values at installation time using the `--config-values` flag. To do this, create a local YAML file that contains all of the config values. The easist way to get the a template to start from is to use `kubectl kots download --decrypt-password-values` from an already running instance of the application. When KOTS downloads the application from the cluster using this command, a file will be written to `upstream/userdata/config.yaml`. This file will be:
```
